welcome to the sunny shores of Isla
Paradiso enjoy the sights of the
southern shores and make your escape
into paradise there a resort cozy crappy
or pull on d-lux tropical drinks one
star waterslide two stars all inclusive
buffet three stars full boy 4 stars
fishtail mer creatures and teeny tiny
shells 5 stars come to Isla Paradiso
where whoo-hoo is the primary import
build your own watery love naps and make
the mistake that will haunt you for a
long time there's more to equal a parody
so than just sunbathing and agha laying
the lifeguard you can take your sims on
the high seas
dive into the deep explore the depths
below to find out or embrace it make
your escape in the sims 3 island
paradise
you